And THAT is how we built Python Implementation from scratch to production-ready.
But here's where it gets really interesting.
But here's where it gets really interesting,  Starting with the Python implementation.
Here's a ConsistentHash class in python.
The init method is where the action happens.
First, we import the hashlib module.
Now we store ring on our instance — for O of 1 constant time lookups.
This is why hash maps are interview gold.
Here we define the add_node function that takes node.
At this point, we define the get_node function that takes key.
This is where we check if k greater than or equal to h: return self dot ring[k] — and that's our answer, clean and efficient.
we print the output to verify it works.